In the last lecture we added our array.
Now I want you clean up how it looks.
Some styling but mainly I went to add a button which allows us to add a new ingredient to that array.
While to work on the styling all and we really want to do is I want to have some spacing between the
rows.
Well there are a couple of ways of getting this style but I will simply do as I will add an inline style
a normal style no angular style no Angie's style directive.
Normal style where I say margin top and set to 10 pixels maybe.
And with that it looks much better.
So that's all I wanted to do for now.
The more important part is that we're able to add new ingredients and for this I'll simply add a new
button at the end of this array area.
So outside of the def which is responsible for my individual form groups or add a new row with a new
column inside of it.
And here I would simply add a button which says add ingredient which will be of type or which will get
a class of button buttons success maybe.
So now it's it's directly at the bottom.
Maybe let's simply add a horizontal line between rows and that looks pretty good.
So now we get this button let's not also hook it up.
I will add a click listener on ADD ingredient.
And here in this method which I'll add to the typescript file I want to add new control to this array
of form controls.
Now I can simply do this by accessing my recipe form there I can get my ingredients control and I know
that this will be a form array but Angler or typescript to be precise doesn't notice.
So I will explicitly cast it with this cost command here basically by enclosing the type I want to convert
it to between smaller and greater than signs and then enclosing this all in parentheses.
And now the part here between the parentheses is treated like a form of rape because I know that it
indeed is one.
So here I can call push and I want to push a new form group because remember we don't push or control
here we need two inputs.
So a group of inputs and there again I will have a name which is a new form control and I will have
an amount which will be a new form control and we don't need to provide any initial values because I
don't want to have any.
So if I save or so we go back to the application we should indeed see that once this reloads year for
click adding relient we add a new line.
However I also submit the form with each click as you can see here on the right.
This is quickly fix by making sure that this button receives the type button.
And now it shouldn't submit to the form anymore.
So now it just adds ingredients disease or working this is great.
Now before we make this form submersible or we do something up on submission let's make sure that we
add some validation to it.